Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-estimatedDocumentCount.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::estimatedDocumentCount()
=============================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Estimate the number of documents in a collection using `MongoDB\Collection::estimatedDocumentCount()` with optional parameters for read concern, read preference, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Estimate the number of documents in a collection with the MongoDB PHP Library, with optional parameters for read concern, read preference, and more.
```
